<class 'pandas.core.frame.DataFrame'>
RangeIndex: 9536 entries, 0 to 9535
Data columns (total 100 columns):
device_notes                   9535 non-null object
maker_name                     9536 non-null object
maker_id                       9436 non-null float64
device_id                      9536 non-null object
device_name                    9536 non-null object
device_info                    9536 non-null object
device_img_link                9536 non-null object
device_link                    9536 non-null object
device_specs                   9536 non-null object
network_technology             9536 non-null object
network_2g_bands               9521 non-null object
network_3g_bands               5728 non-null object
network_4g_bands               2392 non-null object
network_speed                  5755 non-null object
network_gprs                   9504 non-null object
network_edge                   9513 non-null object
launch_announced               9459 non-null datetime64[ns]
launch_status                  9536 non-null object
body_x                         9163 non-null float64
body_y                         9163 non-null float64
body_z                         9159 non-null float64
weight                         8560 non-null float64
body_build                     662 non-null object
body_sim                       9535 non-null object
display_type                   9532 non-null object
display_type_category          8438 non-null object
display_size                   8316 non-null object
display_resolution             9493 non-null object
display_protection             1734 non-null object
platform_os                    5790 non-null object
platform_chipset               4537 non-null object
platform_chipset_gate_width    2976 non-null float64
platform_cpu                   5724 non-null object
platform_gpu                   4419 non-null object
memory_card_slot               9536 non-null object
memory_internal                7781 non-null object
main_camera_triple             34 non-null object
main_camera_features           4943 non-null object
main_camera_video              8241 non-null object
selfie_camera_single           4859 non-null object
selfie_camera_features         773 non-null object
selfie_camera_video            1074 non-null object
sound_loudspeaker              9536 non-null object
sound_3.5mm_jack               9468 non-null object
comms_wlan                     9533 non-null object
comms_bluetooth                9517 non-null object
comms_gps                      9506 non-null object
comms_nfc                      1039 non-null object
comms_radio                    9425 non-null object
comms_usb                      8627 non-null object
features_sensors               5463 non-null object
battery_charging               756 non-null object
misc_colors                    8931 non-null object
misc_price                     5712 non-null object
tests_performance              430 non-null object
tests_display                  598 non-null object
tests_camera                   738 non-null object
tests_loudspeaker              874 non-null object
tests_audio_quality            801 non-null object
tests_battery_life             572 non-null object
banner_released_hl             9536 non-null object
banner_body_hl                 9261 non-null object
banner_os_hl                   9536 non-null object
banner_storage_hl              9536 non-null object
banner_device_popularity       9536 non-null object
banner_device_hits             9536 non-null object
displaysize                    8297 non-null float64
displayres_len                 9405 non-null float64
displayres_height              9405 non-null float64
banner_camerapixels_hl         8317 non-null object
banner_videopixels_hl          9379 non-null object
ramsize                        5490 non-null float64
banner_chipset_hl              4537 non-null object
batsize                        9021 non-null float64
banner_battype_hl              9450 non-null object
main_camera_single             7914 non-null object
talk_time                      4627 non-null timedelta64[ns]
talk_time_2g                   1344 non-null timedelta64[ns]
talk_time_3g                   2026 non-null timedelta64[ns]
battery_stand_by               6826 non-null object
misc_sar_eu                    2384 non-null object
battery_music_play             754 non-null object
misc_sar                       2015 non-null object
features_browser               3686 non-null object
body_keyboard                  706 non-null object
main_camera_dual               359 non-null object
comms_infrared_port            1030 non-null object
selfie_camera_dual             69 non-null object
memory_phonebook               3679 non-null object
memory_call_records            3605 non-null object
features_messaging             3745 non-null object
features_games                 3683 non-null object
features_java                  3692 non-null object
sound_alert_types              2468 non-null object
features_clock                 488 non-null object
features_alarm                 488 non-null object
features_languages             277 non-null object
main_camera_quad               3 non-null object
selfie_camera_triple           1 non-null object
main_camera_five               1 non-null object
dtypes: datetime64[ns](1), float64(11), object(85), timedelta64[ns](3)
memory usage: 7.3+ MB
